Update custom-ops README with more top_k information (#21)
modular/max-recipes: custom-ops-ai-applications/README.md

magic run top_k
```

> The file `top_k.py` defines a block of text, it then choses three words and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file `top_k.py` defines a block of text, then chooses three words and
```

builds a Numpy array with three batches for how often each "next word" appears
as percentages. The Numpy array is passed to the custom op, which returns two
arrays to order each batch/word by highest frequency. It uses a `top_k` kernel

> that runs on CPU, or NVIDIA/AMD GPU if you have one attached. The GPU kernel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that runs on CPU, or MAX-compatible GPU if you have one attached. The GPU kernel
```
